{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README:\
\
The objective of this is to create a prototype project for skill toy information collecting for the purposes of both historical purposes and \'93legacy support\'94 purposes.\
\
The concept is that this needs to remain a semi-open document. This way users can input information they have that the database lacks.\
\
With thousands of different models of yo-yos that have been produced in quantities small and large, as well as many models never reaching mainstream or even \'93skill toy oriented\'94 sales channels, it\'92s simply impossible for one person or organization to have it all.\
\
Historical application: Showing out of production models gives reference to models that are no longer on the market. This is mostly of interest for new players trying to get \'93holy grail\'94 items.\
\
Support Application: Yo-yos can have pairs fail and/or need to be replaced. Bearings can wear out out be replaced, so it\'92s important to know what size. Response pads wear and can be replaced, although some can use an alternative product for DIY applications. During maintenance, things like the set-screws commonly used for axles can become misplaced and require a trip to the hardware store for replacing.\
\
This project will actually be used by a select number of members of the skill toy community once completed for a \'93proof concept\'94 trial. If they like what they see, as well as the implementation of changes/additions, this may evolve into a larger project that will be driven by the community. With thousands of people adding even just a few entries, it would be possible to have this kept reasonably accurate with minimal effort. This will likely be made part of the National YoYo Museum and the International YoYo Federation due to the usefulness of this project.\
\
This project will be given away to the appropriate \'93powers that be\'94 as well as full support documentation as well as 2 years of support. The objective for this deployment is that users would UPLOAD photos that will become a part of the database/archive so that way the database can remain operational and not rely on  \'93third party\'94 resources.}