{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13580\viewh13960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wireframe for Project 2:\
\
ERD: \
https://lucid.app/lucidchart/8ea4dfd4-6f75-403a-b274-bb5cb431a06e/edit?invitationId=inv_da2006da-e84b-4278-a1c2-dfca6e86f0c2\
\
Trello:\
https://trello.com/b/C3lDdGi1/project-2-management\
\
\
Concept: Scalable database for tracking yo-yos\
\
1:	Users not logged in can only view. As features/sorts/finds are integrated, they can refine their viewing experience. Users 		may be able to add reviews.\
	Administrators can have full access to adding information.\
	If this goes public, this would be able to be the one-stop solution the community has been asking for as a quick resource 	for maintenance and support, as it would answer stock questions(specs), mods(stock bearing, pads or flowable).\
\
2:	View page: Brand, model, Shape.\
	Details page: Show specs, reviews, photo(if available)\
\
3:	Hard code in bearing field. A, B, C, D, EuroC, N, K\'85. 1 to many. Many yo-yos use the same bearing. Could be 		considered a many to many.\
	(Not all bearing types will be used in this demonstration due to choices made)\
	Admin selects bearing from NEW page.\
	\
4: 	New Page:\
	Brand(Could be a hard-coded menu, could be a database component, 1 to many or many to 		1),\
	Name,\
	Shape/profile(Wing, modified). Hard-coded menu, it\'92s either/or\
	specs(diameter, width, gap, weight)\
	Material: Will be a fill-in. Choices range from various aluminum, bi-metal, plastic(s) and bi-		materials\
	Response pad size(may be hard-coded, 19mm OD Slim, Flow Groove, CLYW, Custom)\
		Add check box for flowable silicone compatibility.\
	Surface treatment: smooth, polished, satin, pyramatte(OD), blasted.\
	Axle(tapped/threaded, Side Effects, fixed\
	See about checkboxes for intended styles. Would like to see if I can make 2A exclusive and 4A exclusive.\
		1A, 3A and 5A can be checked together as well as individually.\
\
	Add link for photo(from Facebook images or another image repository.\
		Can\'92t find full images on local drives)\
	Special Notes: (\
\
4:	Add reviews functionality. 1 to many relationship.\
\
5: 	\
\
\
Notes: Will likely restrict to G2, or YoYoFreaks just due to smaller number of models, although all use C bearing and 19mm OD pads, and are all silicone compatible. C3 is almost entirely C but the 2a yo-yos are I think K\'92s. I have too much YYF, YYJ and Duncan, but Duncan has more bearing variety, including D bearings. One Drop is all C bearings, CLYW is all C bearings except for the Bassalope Small bearing. Another option might be to take a \'93selected\'94 yoyo from multiple brands to meet the requirements for brands and bearings for the 1-to-many options. Regardless, most will end up being a C bearing.\
	Choosing selections would be done just to facilitate variety.\
\
\
Option 1: I could switch to spin tops. The downside is with fewer overall option(fixed vs bearing tip), it hinders project requirements. Materials might be an option(aluminum, polycarbonate, delrin, delrun/aluminum). Limitation in brands could be a factor as well.\
\
Option 2: Boomerangs. While I could do something like # of arms, materials and brands, the overall scopes too limiting.\
\
Option 3: Chosen selections from yo-yos and skill tops. This would have issues with bearings.\
\
Icebox type elements:\
	Importing the growing database. I would have to do a merge from the Excel file to Word, in order to re-process this into the database\
}